Doc cleanups (#385)
lowRISC/sonata-system: doc/dev/ref-manual.md

### Capability tags

All of SRAM and 1 MiB of HyperRAM have corresponding capability tags.
We envision code and read-only data to live in HyperRAM, while the stack and the heap live in SRAM.

> We envision that code can live in HyperRAM with an instruction cache for improved performance.

Reviewer: Two sentences starting with "We envision".

Author: Thanks, removed the second one.

Once the complete memory is scanned, the revocation bit can be unset and the memory can be reused.

In Sonata, the revocation tags only cover a subset of mapped memory.

> They apply to memory regions that are most likely to be used as heap, it covers all of internal SRAM but no HyperRAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They apply to memory regions that are most likely to be used as heap, it covers all of the internal SRAM but none of HyperRAM.
```

Author: Thanks!

### List of SRAM blocks

Here's a list of blocks by size that we need to allocate in SRAM.
The XC7A50T has 150 blocks of 18 kilobit block RAM, [see datasheet](https://docs.xilinx.com/v/u/en-US/ds180_7Series_Overview).
In total that gives use 337 KiB of block RAM, but we may not efficiently map onto 18 kilobit blocks and thus lose some memory.

> The block RAM usage in the table below was calculated using Vivado 2024.1's block memory generator.:

Reviewer: You have to pick a side Marno: `.` or `:`.

Author: Haha, yes!
